{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #include <Softwareseriel.h>\
\
SoftwareSerial Bluetooth(3, 2); // TX II RX\
\
void setup()\
\{\
Serial.begin (9600) ;\
Serial println("HC-05 AT Commands\'94);\
Serial println("Function                |Command           |Response            |Parameter\'94);\
Serial println("Test                    |AT                |OK                  |None") ;\
Serial println("Name                    |AT+NAME?          |+NAME:HC-05, OK     |HC-05 (Default)");\
Serial println("Password                |AT+PSWD           |+PSWD:1234, OK      |1234 (Default)");\
Serial println("Change Nene             |AT+NAME = <name>  |OK                  |None");\
Serial println("Change Password         |AT+PSWD = <pswd>  |OK                  |None");\
Serial println("UART                    |AT+UART?          |+UART:38400,0,0     |38400 (Default");\
Serial printin(\'93Connection mode         |AT+CMODE?         |+CMOD:<cmod>        |0 (Default)");\
Serial println("Connection mode set     |AT+HCMODE=<cmode> |Ok.                 |(0 (Connect to a specified address) >> (1 (Connect to any available address))");\
Serial printcln("Find Address           |AT+ADDR?          |+ADDR:<addr>, OK    |None");\
Serial printcln("Comnect to Address     |AT+BIND=<addr>    |OK                  |Replace the : with,");\
Serial.println("Reset Device            |AT+RESET          |OK                  |None");\
Serial.println("Restore Factory Default |AT+ORGL           |OK                  |None") ;\
Serial.printcln("");\
Serial. princin("Entex AT commands to start:");\
Bluetooth. begin(38400); // HC-05 default speed in AT commend node\
\}\
\
void Loop()\
\{\
\
  //Read from HC-05 and send data to the Arduino Serial Monitor\
  if (Bluetooth. availabie())\
    Serial.write(Bluetooth.read());\
\
  //Read from Arduino Serial Monitor and send it to the HC-05\
  if (Serial.available())\
    Bluetooth.write(Serial.read());\
\}\
}